---
layout: post
title: National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) Website Redesign
description: web design for national reconnaissance office
category: design
---

This post contains an idea of a redesigned website for the National Reconnaissance Office. [Current NRO website](http://nro.gov/).

This README is [adapted from 18F](https://github.com/18F/afrs-pa/blob/master/README.md)

### NRO

The mission of the National Reconnaissance Office is to provides satellite intelligence the Armed Services, the Intelligence Community, and other partners.

### Users and stakeholders

Potential users are companies interested in doing business with the NRO, policymakers, and the American people.

Stakeholders are likely to be the NRO staff, NRO federal & military partners, and policymakers.

### Questions

- What is the NRO trying to communicate with its web presence?
    - What are the problems that the NRO website solves for users?
- Does each piece of content have a specific purpose?
- Does the [Acquisition Center of Excellence](https://acq.westfields.net/) need to be updated to be multi-device friendly?

### Product vision

- Presents users with a multi-device website that has a functional, modern interface
- Secure site that complies with the [HTTPS-Only Standard](https://https.cio.gov/)
- Uses U.S. Web Design System to build upon proven and secure code
- Reduce the number of navigation items

### The NRO brand

- Mission: Innovative Overhead Intelligence Systems for National Security 
    - Does the website showcase the mission of innovation?
        - It could do a better job. The [NRO Innovation page has content from 2013](http://nro.gov/about/innovation/index.html).
            - Create a process for showing recent innovations without compromising national security.

### Next Steps
- Content and design audit
    - Who is responsible for writing, editing, and maintaining content?
- Conduct user research
- Update jQuery. Current site uses javascript libraries jQuery@1.4.4 that has three vulnerabilities
- Plan to add ```<meta name="viewport>"```
- Plan out browser caching of assets